Updated livescript for PID fingers tuning and related scripts (#247)
icub-tech-iit/ergocub-software: src/tools/ergocub-fingers-tuning/README.md

1. Add to the path the folders `data` and `scripts`
2. Open the live script `identification_tuning.mlx`
3. Check the file names of the training and validation sets
   - the file opened is the last one, unless the user run **init_ws** which resets the file name
   - **init_ws** must also be run as the first command to insure the livescript works.
   - it's better to also 'clear all output' by right-clicking in the livescript otherwise the report can be filled with old data and plots!
4. Run it by pressing "Run" or F5
   - sometimes (very often) the final command 'export' doesn't produce a complete pdf file. re-run this line by selecting it until the pdf looks fine 

> 5. check the plots: anytime the fingers are not moving, the PID parameters are screwed up see e.g. [here](https://github.com/icub-tech-iit/ergocub-design-lowerarm/issues/245#issuecomment-2095469706)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. check the plots: if the fingers are not moving, then the PID gains are most likely not up to the task; e.g., see [here](https://github.com/icub-tech-iit/ergocub-design-lowerarm/issues/245#issuecomment-2095469706).
```

1. Add to the path the folders `data` and `scripts`
2. Open the live script `identification_tuning.mlx`
3. Check the file names of the training and validation sets
   - the file opened is the last one, unless the user run **init_ws** which resets the file name
   - **init_ws** must also be run as the first command to insure the livescript works.
   - it's better to also 

>    - it's better to also 'clear all output' by right-clicking in the livescript otherwise the report can be filled with old data and plots!

Reviewer: It seems there's a typo.

4. Run it by pressing "Run" or F5

>    - sometimes (very often) the final command 'export' doesn't produce a complete pdf file. re-run this line by selecting it until the pdf looks fine 

Reviewer: Uhm 🤔
This should be fixed upfront. Fine for now, but then the root cause ought to be sorted out.
